README.md, before:

# restaurant-page

## A basic restaurant page that utilizes ES6 modules to generate, delete content and switch pages.

This project was made to learn from The Odin Project curriculum. Basic functionality was told on what the project was supposed to be able to do. From there however no follow along video or code was provided the code was made from scratch.

One of the main goals of this project was to learn what are and how to use ES6 modules. The other was to learn and use webpack.

## What was learned

Following The Odin Project curriculum at this point you were taught about ES6 modules and webpack. It was a great project to understand how to set up a project in webpack and the advantages it has.

While it wasn't the on of the main points of this section it was also great to really solidy npm and made it click, because of using it webpack it gave more practice.

I also learned ES6 modules and how to seperate different javascript files and utlize them together utilizing imports and exports.

## TO DO

- Use SASS
- Make responsive
- Cohesive color scheme with more colors
- Add background image for menu and contact pages
- Add descriptions for menu items

Commit message:

Added what was learned about pull requests

README.md, after:

# restaurant-page

## A basic restaurant page that utilizes ES6 modules to generate, delete content and switch pages.

This project was made to learn from The Odin Project curriculum. Basic functionality was told on what the project was supposed to be able to do. From there however no follow along video or code was provided the code was made from scratch.

One of the main goals of this project was to learn what are and how to use ES6 modules. The other was to learn and use webpack.

## What was learned

Following The Odin Project curriculum at this point you were taught about ES6 modules and webpack. It was a great project to understand how to set up a project in webpack and the advantages it has.

While it wasn't the on of the main points of this section it was also great to really solidify npm and made it click, because of using it webpack it gave more practice.

I also learned ES6 modules and how to seperate different javascript files and utlize them together utilizing imports and exports. While I did use branches in past projects this one was the first that I used pull requests on and helped solidify my knowledge of branches.

## TO DO

- Use SASS
- Make responsive
- Cohesive color scheme with more colors
- Add background image for menu and contact pages
- Add descriptions for menu items
